---
title: Home
date: 2012-08-30
author: Leslie Peacock
layout: default
type: post
---

_Home is where the heart is_&hellip; or at least that&rsquo;s what needlepoints and Lady Antebellum tell us. But is that really true? I&rsquo;ve moved a lot over the last few years, city-to-city and house-to-house. As a matter of fact, I haven&rsquo;t lived in the same residence longer than a year for the last 10 years. That&rsquo;s 10 years of packing boxes and wrapping dishes and crossing my fingers that maybe I&rsquo;ll be here a little longer this go-around.

Moving can do a lot of things&mdash;it helps you stay organized, get rid of useless Secret Santa gifts, and finally let go of those overalls that are never making a comeback. But moving also makes you wonder, _Where is my place_? _Where is my home_? _Will I ever feel settled_?

College is a unique time of home making, isn&rsquo;t it? We [girls generally] spend so much time and money attempting to transform a 12x12 concrete block into an IKEA-like showcase room, scouring apartmenttherapy.com and Pinterest for the latest and greatest ideas to remodel it to our liking. There&rsquo;s something about the comfort of a place&hellip;that the chair is exactly where we want it to be&hellip;that we can relax and retreat from our hectic schedules&hellip;home is where our heart settles down.

The Bible talks a lot about home and place, and God&rsquo;s people certainly know what it&rsquo;s like to have a home, and in a sense, lose it. When God created us, he put us in the perfect home, the Garden of Eden. But when we chose to be our own bosses, our own masters so-to-speak, we were exiled from our home. All through the Old Testament, God&rsquo;s people find themselves, homeless, wandering, exiled, and wondering I&rsquo;m sure, _Will there ever be a lasting place_?

We all want things to last, don&rsquo;t we? Sunsets, vacations, youthfulness, good health, relationships&hellip;a desire for permanence pervades so much of our lives. But we feel displaced by new roommates, classes, friendships, adjustments to our families, anticipations of the future, all of which leave us asking, _Which friends will I be close to_? _Will those friendships last beyond this year_? _Where will I be after graduation_? _Where is my dating relationship going? Is my parents&rsquo; marriage going to make it?_

So what does this longing really mean?

In Matthew 8:20 Jesus says, &ldquo;Foxes have holes, and birds of the air have nests, but the Son of Man has nowhere to lay his head.&rdquo;

Home is the place that fits you, where everything is exactly the way you want it to be. Jesus, the King of the Universe, didn&rsquo;t have a bedroom, a place to settle. Jesus didn&rsquo;t remain in Nazareth, his comfortable hometown, but rather went from town to town, homeless but purposeful as he headed for Jerusalem. But beyond his physical wanderings, Jesus was exiled in a sense from all those around him: his family thought he was crazy, the authorities wanted to kill him, and even those closest to Jesus abandoned him at the last hour.&nbsp; He was cast out, even dying outside the city gates and apart from God the Father&hellip;why? So that we can be brought in. So that we can have a permanent, lasting home with him.

In John&rsquo;s Gospel Jesus says, &ldquo;Let not your hearts be troubled. Believe in God; believe also in me. In my Father&#39;s house are many rooms. If it were not so, would I have told you that I go to prepare a place for you? And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and will take you to myself, that where I am you may be also (14:1-3).

The Lord&rsquo;s love is the home, the place where everything is where it ought to be. The ultimate home your heart is looking for is in there and it shapes everything that we do.

The homelessness we may feel because our parents have moved since we&rsquo;ve been in college is being redeemed by God &hellip;because His very presence is the lasting home we long for. If we feel displaced because our friendships keep changing year to year, and the friends we want we don&rsquo;t have and don&rsquo;t know how to get, God&rsquo;s love meets us in that need because in it is the permanent place where we never feel rejected or lonely. Or if the future looms large because we have no idea what is in store or where we will be, then we can sing with Moses in Psalm 90 that the Lord is our dwelling place forever, no matter where life takes us.

God&rsquo;s presence is with his people, and we shouldn&rsquo;t go looking for Him where He doesn&rsquo;t promise to be. The most tangible way God communicates His presence is through His people gathering together week to week. If you want to find God, find a church, and seek His presence among the body of people He promised to be with.

I have to remind myself of these truths all the time. I just made move #11 (don&rsquo;t worry, I definitely keep my boxes these days), and I have no idea where I&rsquo;ll be in a year. But if it&rsquo;s in God&rsquo;s presence that we find our true home, then I don&rsquo;t have to be anxious about what&rsquo;s next. His abiding love is all that I will ever need or want, and it lasts.
